oh yeah I'll tell you something I think
you'll understand for the sake of
sanitation you better wash your hands
you gotta wash your hands you better
wash your hands before and after meals
and when you use the can it's open water
for 20 seconds should be part of your
plan
that time wash your hand
that's how you wash your head and when
you're finished you'll feel happy inside
washing so thorough that my clothes they
get hand they can
make sure you wash your nails and dry
with a low fare breathing was lasting my
clothes from spreadin cross the lair
you better wash your hand
and you better wash your hands and when
you're finished you'll feel happy inside
washing so thorough that microbes they
can't mine they can hide
they can't
oh yeah ah I'll tell you something I
think you'll understand for the sake
sanitation you'd better wash your hand
you better wash your hair
why don't you wash your hair
ends